What is this place?
Oops, Miss Bai finally found you, oops
Oh, that man is really shameless.
The whole company was fired by that green tea
The company couldn't turn around the funds and bought the latest necklace for the green tea
Oh, doesn't he always say the company is difficult?
I have money to buy necklaces, but I don't have money to lend Miss Bai a laboratory?
Miss Bai, my glance at the star, think about it.
Hey
Miss Bai, although I am not as tall as Mrs. Zhou when I am married
But my son is innocent
Dress thin
Unclothed with meat
Very physical
Would you like to think about it?
Ha, you are really wily
How did you become Miss Bai's grandmother?
Hey, no more.
I just want Miss Bai to adjust it, hahahaha.
Ladies, thank you for your kindness
However, working for others is always subject to others
I want a company of my own
This is the business that truly belongs to you
You should have planned the show long ago
Why are you going out to that small company?
Mrs. Zhou doesn't know
Fang and the teenager become famous
He was trying to protect the dignity of Chen Tianyin, the phoenix man
I just hid my identity from this little formulator
Sister Bai Xue, I feel sorry for you
Brother Providence, I found the address of the international top formula.
With his help, we can definitely get more investment
Top formula Shenlong C
Invite him right away
I want the white wind in May
Kneel completely at my feet